The Giant Horde did not receive a warm welcome from the dwarven forces. Still, with the help of the nagas, they were able to repulse the enemy's attacks and force their way to the central part of the caves. Snake women proved to be irreplaceable when there was a need to wade through the flooded underground passes or to look for an alternative way through the marshy grounds. Those women were mysterious, deadly, their every movement and a way of being filled with something mistic, which fascinated some orcs and put fear in the hearths of the other.
Marbus had less nad less time for his companions, he was focusing only a small group of advisors, greatest warriors and those few that familiarized themselves with the culture and philosophy of the dwarves around himself. Their task was to choose ways to evade encouters with the much stronger enemy forces.
Gloom of this place was having a grim impact on the clan relations. There were few lesser fights, some orcs lost their lives. Culprits were tracked and judged by the Great Souvereign fast. Adviced by the Gewold he decided to benefit from the laws of the war and hanged them. The bodies were draged into the underground rivers by the nagas who then buried them under the water and rocks. Death like that was the biggest possible dishonor for the orc and his family. Knowing the price of disloyality the Horde didn't have any more internal struggles from then on.
In this grim days Aidala proved to be a real solace for Marbus. She was always ready to give him an advice or lend an ear when he just needed to talk. It was unacceptable for some of the advisors that still didn't trust the nagas and were affraid of their way of being. With the passing days however fewer people had an influence on the Great Souvereign's decisions. He was becoming older and more rigorous every day in their eyes. The roam through the undergrounds had such an influence on most of the orcs.
Finally, the day have come in which the wanderers could feel the fresh breeze on their faces. They've reached an undergroun lake that was the last thing separating them from the caves' exit. Everyone knew however that in the places like that dwarves set their settlements. Even without any proof of the danger ahead Marbus ordered to prepare weapons.
