Poprawiona koñcówka scenariusza pi¹tego:


Gewold:
We made it, Marbus! We're alive! And it seems like it's thanks to you... Though in my personal opinion, it's rather that I saved you.

Marbus:
Hahaha... I'm glad that it's over now... But to the point... It's time we gathered the Horde. Undead are going after us from the south... And from what you said, the are also coming from the north... Let's send ravens to the chieftains...

Gewold:
The ravens fled some time ago, to ask for rescue. From what I know, only few minors clans remain.

Kochan:
These are very worrying news, cousin. It seems like we can't bargain for more warriors, nor for a shelter.

Marbus:
For now, we have other worries. We must call the elders and hold a meeting.

Gewold:
Calm down, warrior! First let's take care of the bodies, patch up the wounded. The last people from Northern Alliance are scattering in fright. Let's loot their camp and hold a feast!

Marbus:
For many days we hadn't had rest... So be it! Ragh for En Traht! We won the battle!


Poprawiony prolog do scenariusza szóstego:


The forces of dwarves and Northern Alliance have been vanquished, and Marbus' clan joined forces with residents of Gelu'Aben. Soon after that, they managed to dress their wounds, say goodbye to the dead and feed the hungry. The orcish elders decided to bring out the last supplies out of the granaries and a great feast was hold, with Marbus as a honoured guest. Everybody's happiness lasted the whole day. One day, in which they managed to forget about the winter, the hordes of undead and about the Northern Alliance running rampant.
One day after the feast, there was a meeting arranged, which's reason was to solve all problems, which afflicted the orcish clans. Everybody with who the elders were still in touch with, came along. A proud, once great nation of orcs wasn't even able to fill half of the city. On the streets, women, oldsters and attenuated children were wandering around. Only here and there you could find a man with weapon, or a goblin, whittling arrows for another battle. Gelu'Aben was becoming a grave.
On the meeting, twelve people came along: clans' representatives and the elders. Everybody tried to enforce his standpoint, and all of them based on one clear concept: to stay in the fortress and wait out. Only Marbus though, that this way the won't survive. After slamming his hand on the table and putting orcs in order, he managed to convince them, that all what awaits them here is death. Gewold was the first person to object Marbus: escape isn't an option, because where are they supposed to go?
And then the elders spoke up: there was an abandoned fortress in the east, over the mountains. It was situated on mysterious Kalindoran Fields. There are supposed to be ancient orcish writings over there, which contain knowledge about how to survive such apocalypse. The whole plan seemed to be based on tales and myths, but in current situation no one could come up with a better solution. Also, nobody could figure out how to get through the mountains.
Marbus, who already decided to get on the Kalindor Fields, proposed to lead orcs through the dwarven tunnels. Although Gelu'Aben was within a stone's throw from them, no orc has crossed the enterance of dwarvish caverns for years. Once a warlike race, started to fear the power which Knalga has became.
A voting was started to decide about the future of all clans. Seven out of twelve agreed to go through the tunnels. The same seven has also agreed, that Marbus will become the new Great Suverein. Gewold was sitting in silence: he was oppose to both these decisions.
The next morning, the Great United Horde grabbed their torches and emblazed the city. After just one hour, once a great Gelu'Aben became a ruin. There was no return: only elves in the forests and soldiers of Northern Aliance watched, how black smoke furled upwards the city. It was to do so for a long time, asphyxiating these, who would approach the fortress. Meanwhile, Marbus took the Great Suvereign's banner and as the first descended beneath the ground, leading his brothers into the darkness of dwarven tunnels.